About 20 kids in traditional clothing and hats waiting on stairs .
a house and a green wall with gate in the background .
a sign saying that plants can't be picked up on the right .
a rock hole in the ground surrounded by sand .
one man in a white tee-shirt , grey pants and a white cap is holding a shovel , the other one is wearing black pants , a white jumper and a traditional hat , is walking towards him .
a yellow building with white columns in the background .
two palm trees in front of the house .
cars parked in front of the house .
a woman and a child are walking over the square .
a large building on the left , a palm tree in centre of picture , ( mostly ) white cars in the street at a junction , some of them turning left , others going straight .
there are red umbrellas in a park on the right .
people are walking through the park , others are crossing the road in the foreground .
a white , large statue with spread arms on a hill .
picture taken from behind .
bushes and small trees on the hill .
street leading up the hill .
there are white clouds in the blue sky .
View of a city with many dark green trees and white houses with red roofs .
there are a few high-rise buildings and a stadium in the centre .
a cascading waterfall in the middle of the jungle .
front view with pool of dirty water in the foreground .
a man in a red tee-shirt and a woman carrying a red bag are watching some waterfalls on a lookout in the foreground .
green trees , black rocks and a grey sky in the background .
View of giant , thunderous waterfalls over a u-shaped cliff .
white clouds in a blue sky in the background .
a long dam with high voltage pylons .
a blue sky with white fleecy clouds in the background .
A narrow , rising street with colourful houses on both sides , among them a green house with balconies and a white car parked in front of it , and a blue-and-white church on the right .
one car is going up the street .
there are a few people in the street and a large thundercloud in the background .
two light brown church towers with pinnacles on all four sides .
the left tower with windows , the right tower also with a clock .
the artful central nave is a bit darker and has a cross on top .
View of an old town of a city with its colourful buidings and two churches from one of its alleys in the shade .
the towers of the churches are still in the sun , the rest in already in the shade .
a white and blue church , with only the two towers in the sun , the rest in the shade .
view from the side , with the old town of a city in the background .
against-the-light photograph of a beach at sunset .
some clouds in the sky .
there are people at the beach and palm trees in the background .
against-the-light photograph of a large , grey building with many arches and columns and a small tower with pinnacles .
the Paraguayan flag is waving on top of the building .
there are dark palms in the foreground and a blue sky in the background .
steam ship in a lake , docked .
the flag of Paraguay at the bow of the ship .
a blue sky in the background .
a grey building with many columns and arches and the modern high-rise buildings of a city with a blue sky in the background .
a black steam engine with one wagon .
trees in the background .
Four locals are sitting on a bench in a canteen kitchen , leaning on a red brick wall .
the three women are wearing skirts , wests and hats , one of them is holding a yellow plastic bag .
the man is wearing trousers , a shirt and a cap .
Against-the-light photograph of a gate in the shade , with towers to its left and right .
there are dark trees in the foreground and a blue sky in the background .
well exposed front view of the cathedral in Asuncion .
two towers with flags , three arched entry gates , large central ave with several pinnacles and a cross on top .
there is a clock on the right tower .
streetlamps at the middle gate and at the corners .
bells visible in both towers .
a fountain and cobbled walkway in the foreground , a pink and white buidling with many arches in the background .
trees on the right .
a white building with lots of columns and arches , a neat lawn and neatly cut trees and bushes in the foreground .
the flag of Paraguay is waving at the top of the building .
there is a flower bed on the left .
a very modern building .
stairs are leading up to the entrance .
the walls are entirely made of glass .
one red huge column is supporting the big roof .
rails in the foreground .
a green tree on the left .
two lane street with large shops on the right and smaller shops on the left .
people are walking on the sidewalk , some are crossing the street .
cars are parked along the left side of the street as well .
an avenue with seven yellow taxis lined up on the right side .
some drivers are waiting for customers outside of their taxis .
green trees behind them .
a swimming pool with sun chairs on a terrace in the foreground .
a flat landscape with green trees and houses in the background .
Several flagpoles with waving flags on a green lawn in the foreground .
a large grey and black building behind it .
a huge column with a football on top on the left .
a blue sky with white clouds in the background .
Front view of a huge dam .
water is flowing through one tiny spot .
backwater is flowing off on the left .
green reed in the foreground .
Rock singer wearing yellow pants and a red T-shirt on a stage .
view from behind .
crowd is cheering in the background .
Group of tourists is standing in front of a buildilng .
each of them is holding a leaflet und some pens .
three locals are standing in the middle of all the people , one of them is holding a box .
traditional country house on the left .
some rocks in the background .
a gravel road in the foreground .
Two adults and four local boys are standing in front of a white house with two trellised windows .
three boys are standing , one is kneeing down .
adults are holding shoulders of boys .
one boy is holding a sweeper .
Nine children , some of them waving at the camera , others are a bit shy and are looking away .
one person is pointing to the camera .
Construction site , bare brickwork .
one worker is standing on rails , the other one is leaning against an unfinished brick wall .
Close up picture of the Itaipu Dam .
backwater is flowing off in the foreground .
two men are standing on a lawn in front of a light brown house with blue corners .
School kids on a grey square , some are dressed in dark blue , others in orange .
one person dressed in orange is standing opposite the line up , leading the group .
two light blue houses behind them with a steep hill in the background .
a woman is sitting at table in the middle of a schoolyard .
there are many books on the table .
two people are sitting next to her , six others are standing about ten metres away from the table .
four boys , one drinking from a cup , one wearing an army cap and waving , the one in the focus wearing a beanie , a jumper and smiling into the camera , and the fourth wearing a cap and carrying a wooden crate .
four school kids are smiling into the camera in the foreground .
more kids in the background , some are leaning on the school wall , others are running around .
Young girl wearing a red trainer with blue and white sleeves is bending down to two old ladies .
one of them is stroking the girl's face with her right hand .
five women in a kitchen , two of them are preparing some food using four bowls , two are standing behind them ( and one next to them ) and are watching .
Santa Claus in middle of excited kids .
a woman with a present in the background .
Three social workers and about ten local kids in a room with dark and light blue walls .
one of the workers is sitting and talking to the kids .
the other two are just arriving or listening .
one kid is a bit left out , sitting alone on a desk and looking the other way .
two tourists , both of them wearing backpacks , are visiting a school with ten pupils .
the woman is wearing brown shorts and a yellow sleveless top .
the man is wearing long black pants and a blue shirt .
A school kid is sitting at a desk , smiling into the camera and being offered a red apple .
three other kids in the background .
Four tourists are sitting on a bus .
two women in the front row with their heads turned around .
another one in the second row looking out the window .
and one man with sunglasses in the very last row , looking out the window too .
A tourist group is visiting a school .
the school kids are sitting at their desks , singing a song and clapping their hands , with their teacher clapping as well .
six of the tourists are standing behind them and are watching them , one tourist is taking a photo .
Three women are sitting on a wooden bench in front of an about one metre high , red brick wall .
they are all wearing skirts and jumpers with gilets .
two of them are wearing a hat too .
one man is standing behind the wall .
a wooden door on the left is being held open by a red brick .
photo of a classroom with some kids sitting at their desks , others standing at their desks , waving into the camera , laughing .
two kids are eating their lunch in the foreground .
there is a wooden wall with pictures of two comic figures in the background .
a large , black plastic bag with four packs of pasta , a folder , a leaflet , a small book and cacao powder on a table .
there is a second , empty table in the background .
six kids are sitting around a table and playing with toy cars .
one kid is standing next to the table .
a woman is holding a black plastic bag on the left .
three tourists in the background are talking to each other .
panorama view of houses in La Paz .
red roofed houses in the foreground , with a hill and rugged rocks in the background .
photo of eleven school kids and three tourists behind them .
a basketball court in the background , with one kid standing below the basket .
a large mountain in the distant background .
Lots of locals ( both kids and adults ) in front of a blue building .
one kid is about to slide down the slide , with one grown up waiting to catch it .
another woman is carrying a basket in her left hand , with a kid holding her other hand .
others are just sitting around or are standing in the background .
there are snow covered mountains in the distant background .
there are two social workers in the foreground .
one wearing a red pullover and brown pants is bending over to access the blue paint .
the other one in a red tee-shirt and black jeans is watching her .
at the back of the room there is another worker wearing a white tee-shirt and blue jeans , acutally painting .
there are many newspapers on the ground to protect the kindergarten floor .
all three workers are wearing a mask .
portrait of two dark-haired girls with a mountain in the background .
a man is carrying a heavy rice bag .
a car on the left , another man on the right .
a street behind them , with some houses on a hill in the background .
Six tourists are standing in front of blackboard of a primary school .
one tourist is taking a photo .
local kids are sitting at their desks , singing and clapping .
one kid has just opened one book .
there are posters and pictures on the wall in the background .
a little red wooden desk and two red and two blue chairs in front of a green wall full with children's paintings .
an improvised cupboard with lots of drawers in a corner at the back of the room .
volunteer workers help with the construction in a kindergarten .
four volunteers are squatting down and are trying to prise the ground with hammer and chisel .
movable wooden walls are leaning on the wall in the background .
tourists are posing in a room , ten of them are standing , one is squatting .
one kid is posing with them , five other kids are sitting at a table and eating out of three bowls .
there are posters and pictures at the wall behind the tourists .
Pupils are sitting at their wooden desks in an open air classroom .
two of them raising their hands , others smiling .
three are wearing a green hat .
red brick wall and windows in the background .
Seven tourists are visiting a classroom .
children are sitting at round tables , nearly all of them wearing a green hat ( except for two kids ) .
tourists are smiling at the kids .
there are posters and maps on the wall in the background .
Tourists are visiting an old people's home .
each tourist is leading one old lady , arm in arm .
the old ladies are wearing traditional dresses and a hat .
the room is decorated with balloons .
there is a picture on the wall in the background , and also an old lady carrying a green balloon .
a destroyed house with the wreckage lying around in front it .
three ordinary a bit elevated houses in the background .
Six pupils are sitting around a round table on wooden chairs , each of them is holding a fruit ( tangerine?) and is wearing a hat ( except for one kid ) .
pictures and comics on the wall behind them .
car tyres in the background on the right .
a teacher and around 50 pupils on the slope of a hill .
half of the kids are dressed in orange , many of them wearing a hat , a beanie or a cap .
small bushes and two trees at the top of the hill .
a lake in the background .
School kids are posing for the camera in a football-like setup - nine are standing at the back , ten are squatting at the front .
each of them are having a fruit in their hands , most of them are smiling , one is even waving at the camera .
a blackboard in the background .
one kid in the centre of the front row is holding a teddy .
classroom with most of the pupil sitting at theirs desk and wearing green hats .
one girl is standing at her desk , another one is walking to her desk , three other boys are standing and looking at a picture of Minnie Mouse on the wall .
shelves and posters in the background .
children are sitting at their desks , together with a tourist sitting in the last row .
three children are standing on the left , looking at a map of Peru .
there are two posters on the wall at the back , and there is a bookshelf with a lot of boxes and folders on the left .
One boy holding a white box , most likely a present from the volunteer kneeing in front of him .
several kids are around him , looking at the box while the boy himself is looking somewhere else .
one kid in the foreground is wearing a green hat .
there are both round tables and wooden desks in the background .
a volunteer , squatting down and browsing through a school book .
school children around her , looking at the book too .
in the background there is a table with school equipment on it .
the kid in the foreground is holding a pencil .
tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom , all the kids are sitting at their desks .
there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
a boy wearing a green jacket and a red cap is carrying a little girl on his back .
Children are sitting at their desks and are singing a song with their teacher .
there is a large window , a blackboard and a shelf at the back of the classroom .
there is a wall on the left with a map of Peru , a poster and Minnie Mouse on it .
Close-up photo of a building with a blue front , red doors , brown bricks below the windows and the wires that stick out from the roof .
a few pupils are in front of the building .
View of a city in a valley .
bushes , houses and roofs in the foreground .
an overcast sky in the background .
tourists are standing at the entrance of classroom .
all of them are carrying backpacks .
one female tourist is carrying a huge bunch of balloons .
tourists are standing in front of the blackboard in a classroom .
all the kids are sitting at their desks , some of them turned around to look at the camera .
there is a clock above the blackboard , and also the letters Dios es amor between the clock and the blackboard , and higiene es salud on the side wall below the windows .
many people are working on the bare brickwork of a house or are watching the workers from below .
many wires are sticking out of the bare brickwork .
one person is climbing up a ladder .
many pallets are lying piled up in front of the house .
Excited kids are standing at their desks in a classroom .
some of them seem to be very happy and are laughing .
there are pictures of trees on the wall at the back .
two girls have an open book on their desk .
a house with a pink roof and a green and white tower with three levels , each of them having a window on each side .
one block in the front with three windows and the writing Casa Parroquial - Amor de Dios .
another house with a green and yellow and red roof in the background.
tourists are standing in the classroom of a school in front of the blackboard .
there is a clock and the writing Dios es Amor above the blackboard .
Tourists are standing on a wet sidewalk and are carrying bags of food .
people are wearing rain coats and jackets .
a house with brick walls and two garage doors behind them .
a group picture of happy people wearing orange hats and white and orange sleeveless shirts .
school kids are posing for a picture on a grey square .
one tourist is holding one kid in the background .
some kids standing in front of the kids posing .
portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a white and blue jumper with a red collar .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue tee-shirt ( one sleeve green , the other one pink ) is standing in a classroom .
a teacher and other kids in the background , and also a large window ( thus the picture is not very well exposed ) .
portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a light blue tee-shirt with three pictures of people and a USA flag in the shape of a heart on it .
portrait of a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a yellow blouse with a blue collar .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a blue jumper and red pants is sitting on the floor .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white tee-shirt .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white tee-shirt with pink edges and blue pants is kneeing on the ground .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white jumper with paintings of dogs , bones and dogprints and pink-and-white chequered shorts .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a red tee-shirt with blue sleeves is standing next to a school desk .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue pullover is standing in front of a brown door .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl is sitting on a red couch , wearing a pink pullover with a little bear .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy sitting at his school desk wearing a light blue shirt below a dark blue pullover .
a dark-skinned girl wearing a brown hat , a light shirt below a pink shirt and a dark green vest .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a yellow blouse with a blue collar .
handprints on the wall behind her .
a dark-haired baby pointing at the camera .
a dark-haired baby in the arms of a woman .
baby wearing a red-and-white striped pyjama .
handprints on the wall in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a white shirt is standing in front of red brick wall .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a red tee-shirt is holding a green pencil .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl , wearing a skirt and a dark vest , is standing in front of a house .
there is a white bucket in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a light brown jumper with orange edges is standing in front of a desk .
pictures on a wooden wall in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white tee-shirt with red edges .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a yellow blouse with a blue collar .
handprints on the wall behind her .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a white shirt and a green tee-shirt , putting his index finger of his left hand in his mouth .
other school kids are sitting on their tables in front of a blackboard in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a coloured shirt is standing in front of a blue wall .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a blue pullover .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a dark blue jumper and a light blue skirt is sitting at a desk in front of a building .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a yellow blouse with a blue collar .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a blue jumper with a yellow collar is standing in front of a brown door .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a pink pullover is sitting on green bench .
colourful handprints on the wall behind her .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue pullover is sitting on a green bench .
colourful handprints on the wall behind him .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl is sitting at a desk and wearing a white pullover with an emblem .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey T-Shirt is standing in a classroom .
a wall made of red bricks in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in dark vest is standing in front of a wall made of rocks .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey tee-shirt and red pants is standing in front of grey brick wall .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a blue-and-yellow jumper is sitting outside .
boulders in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in red vest is sitting outside .
boulders in background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a USA pullover and red pants is standing outside .
a wall made of boulders in the near background .
USA jumper says Future USA at the front , with the Olympic rings below the letters , one sleeve shows the stars , the other one the stripes .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing dark blue dungarees and a light blue and pink pullover is standing in front of a brick-wall .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue and white chequered shirt is sitting at a desk outside .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl is wearing a red vest and a red hair band .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a colourful shirt and a sleeveless pullover is standing in front of a blue wall .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy with a grey shirt is standing in a room in front of a wall made of red bricks .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a red coat is sitting at a desk in front of a building .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a black blouse is standing in a classroom in front of a wooden wall .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a grey pullover is sitting at his desk in his classroom .
there are some of his classmates in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a grey tee-shirt is standing next to her desk in a classroom .
there are two more kids and comic figures on the wall in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl is wearing a white blouse and a sleeveless red pullover .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a green vest is standing at her desk in a classroom in front of a wall made of red bricks .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a pinkish greyish pullover is sitting at a desk in front of a building .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in black pullover and blue pants is standing next to a desk .
grey brick walls and blue sky in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in black vest is sitting at a desk outside the classroom .
grey brick walls at the back .
a cardboard box is standing on the sandy floor on the left .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey tee-shirt is standing in front of a blue wall .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a black pullover is standing in front of a blue wall .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue-and-white striped jumper with a sleeveless pullover is standing in front of a red brick wall and a blue wall .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in grey tee-shirt is standing in classroom .
a man in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a white tee-shirt is sitting at his desk in a classroom .
more kids in the background are looking at the camera too .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a dark blue tee-shirt is sitting at a desk in a classroom .
a girl is eating in the background , another one wearing an orange pullover is walking along the corridor between the desks .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in pink pullover ( with a surfing Bart Simpson on it ) is standing in front of a red brick-wall in a classroom .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a black pullover and light brown shirt in a classroom .
two more boys in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white shirt and black pants with black suspenders is sitting at her desk in a classroom .
some kids in the background are sitting at their desks .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white tee-shirt is sitting at a desk in a classroom .
some sheets of paper are lying on the desk in front of her .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a chequered shirt standing in a classroom .
kids sitting at their desk in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue , white and orange striped jumper is standing in a classroom .
a girl is sitting at a desk behind him .
two comic figures on the wall in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white vest and black pants is standing next to a desk .
the lower half of a bottle of Kola Real is standing on a desk next to her .
a red brick wall in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in white a shirt and black pants with black suspenders is standing between a desk and a red brick wall in a classroom .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a white shirt underneath a black pullover is standing in a classroom .
other kids are working in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a black pullover is sitting at her desk in the classroom .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a very colourful pullover is standing in between two desks in a classroom .
there is a poster on the red brick wall in the background .
the boy is laughing .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy is wearing a blue pullover with a white elephant having a yellow hat on its head at the front .
the boy is sitting at his desk in a classroom .
two kids are sitting behind him .
writing bienvenidos on the wall .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a grey and blue jumper is standing next to a desk in a classroom .
a poster on a red brick wall behind him .
a picture of a sunflower on the wall next to him .
a dark-skinned boy is wearing a black cap with an A on it , a grey and purple pullover and a black jacket which is red on the inside .
outside shot .
grass , stones and some garbage in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white shirt underneath a dark grey pullover is standing in a classroom .
there are other kids in the background too , either standing or sitting at their desk .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a white shirt underneath a dark grey pullover with a pink nametag is standing in a classroom .
more kids in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a grey jacket is standing in a classroom .
a girl is sitting at her desk in the background .
comic characters on the wall at the back .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a blue sweater with a pink nametag is standing in a classroom .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a grey tee-shirt is standing at his desk in a classroom .
another kid in a grey jacket is standing right behind him .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey tee-shirt is sitting at her desk in a classroom .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a green and white pullover and carrying a backpack with pink straps is standing in a classroom .
one more girl in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a grey tee-shirt is standing at her desk in a classroom .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a black adidas cap , a white tee-shirt with long sleeves and a sleeveless dark grey pullover is sitting at his desk in a classroom .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in grey tee-shirt is sitting at a desk in a classroom .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a purple pullover and black pants standing in her classroom in front of all the desks where the other pupils are sitting ( in the background ) .
there is a blackboard in the background too .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy in a blue jumper with a yellow zip and a light blue nametag is standing in a classroom .
some kids are standing behind him .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a purple tee-shirt and an open white and blue jacket is standing in a classroom .
a dark-skinned girl with black , ear-long hair in a green pullover and sleeveless brownish jumper is standing in a classroom .
behind her a boy with a blue cap , white tee-shirt and red pants .
a blackboard and more kids sitting at their desk in the background .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a brown pullover sitting at his desk in a classroom .
some sheets of paper on the desk .
more kids are standing in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl with two short pigtails wearing a red tee-shirt , a white shirt and a greyish-blue pullover standing in a classroom .
one girl wearing the same outfit plus a pink nametag standing right behind her .
other kids are sitting at their desk in the background .
red brick wall on the right .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a coloured polo shirt sitting in a classroom .
more kids and comic figures on a wall in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a yellow Umbro sweater with black sleeves , black collar and a black zip is standing in a classroom .
more kids at their desks in the classroom .
also a blackboard in the background .
a dark-skinned girl with long black hair wearing a red blouse and blue dungarees is standing in a classroom .
four kids are sitting at their desks and are watching her in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a light brown cap , a white shirt and a blue pullover with a light blue nametag is standing in a classroom .
some kids in the background are watching him , others are at their desk .
there is also a blackboard in the background .
a dark-skinned dark-haired boy in grey tee-shirt with blue collar , SA print and a wet spot at the front standing in a classroom .
several desks , two more kids and a blackboard in the background .
a dark-skinned girl with long black hair wearing a purple dress with green edges standing in a classroom .
boy dressed in green behind her eating something .
more kids at their desks in the background .
a dark-skinned girl with dark long hair wearing a white vest is standing in a classroom in front of all the desks .
a blackboard and more kids sitting at their desks in the background .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl in grey tee-shirt with Pokemon print and pink edge standing in a classroom in front of the desks .
more kids and a blackboard in the background .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy wearing a white shirt and a red vest .
outside shot .
sand , stones and rocks in the background .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy wearing a blue jumper with yellow shoulders and a yellow zip .
outside shot .
sand , stones and rocks in the background .
a boy wearing a turquoise shirt and white hat is sitting on the ground and eating an orange .
sand and rocks in the background .
a girl in a purple tee-shirt .
stones and rocks in the background .
hills in the distant background .
a boy wearing a blue pullover and a grey jumper .
outside shot .
boulders in the background .
a dark-skinned girl with two long and dark pigtails wearing a beige hat and a black and white jumper sitting outside .
background scenery with stones and rocks .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in blue sleeveless jumper .
outside shot .
rocks in the background .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy wearing white shirt and yellow and grey sweater is standing in a classroom .
other kids sitting at their desk and a blackboard in the background .
a boy with a green cap with the script CA wearing a turquoise and green pullover with white and yellow stripes is sitting in the sand outside .
sand , stones and boulders in the background .
a dark-skinned dark-haired girl with two pigtails wearing a pink and white striped pullover is standing in a classroom .
blackboard and teacher ( ?) in the background .
a dark-skinned and dark-haired girl with two pigtails wearing a grey pullover with a pink nametag is standing in front of all the desks in a classroom .
a grown-up's hand is holding the girl at her waist .
more kids at their desk and a blackboard in the background .
a dark-haired dark-skinned boy wearing a chequered shirt with a light blue nametag standing in a classroom .
more kids and a blackboard in the background .
a dark-skinned dark-haired girl wearing a red jumper with red and white striped sleeves , a sleeveless blue vest and a large hat is standing outside and waving to the camera .
sand , stones and rocks in the background .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy wearing a light blue cap , a grey tee-shirt and a red jumper ( that is blue on the inside ) is standing in a classroom .
blackboard and kids in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a light blue tee-shirt is standing in a classroom .
more kids sitting at their desks and a blackboard in the background .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a black tee-shirt and a light blue name tag is standing in front of all the desks in a classroom .
one girl sitting at her desk and eating bread .
another kid in a red jumper standing right behind him .
more kids in the background .
dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a white pullover standing outside .
there is a smiling green and yellow plane on the pullover .
sandy landscape with stones and rocks in the background .
dark-haired dark-skinned boy wearing a dark blue jacket with a red and white collar is standing outside .
sand and rocks in the background .
a boy wearing a grey cap and a grey and green jumper standing outside .
sandy landscape with stones and rocks in the background .
dark-skinned , dark-haired girl with a pigtail wearing a black jacket with colourful flowers .
rocky desert in the background .
a girl with medium-long , brunette hair and a white and light brown pullover standing in a rocky desert .
rocks in the background .
a dark-skinned girl wearing a black hat , a grey pullover and a large pink cloth .
sand and some stones in the background .
a dark-skinned girl wearing a brown and black hat , a light blue pullover and a red vest .
sandy background with very low grass .
a dark-skinned dark-haired girl wearing a green hat , long earrings , a long necklace , a light grey tee-shirt with black and dark grey stripes and a purple vest .
a couple of bushes and houses in the background , one with a yellow roof , one with a red roof , the rest with grey roofs .
a girl with long black hair wearing a headband , a grey vest and a long necklace .
exterior shot .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a grey cap ( backwards ) , a yellow tee-shirt and a white and green tracksuit .
exterior shot .
a dark-skinned boy wearing a purple cap , a white and grey chequered shirt and a dark grey jacket .
a dark-skinned dark-haired boy wearing a white cap ( with a green woodpecker on it ) and a white and pink jumper .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy wearing a grey Nike cap and a grey pullover is standing in front of a grey wall .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a black and grey NY cap , a black and grey chequered shirt and a red and green jacket that is black on the inside .
grey wall of a house on the right , reddish house with some wood on the left in the background .
a dark-haired boy wearing a black cap , a yellow tee-shirt , a white polo shirt and an open red jacket , is standing in front of a white wall .
portrait of a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy wearing a black cap with a red shield and a light blue jacket .
portrait of a boy wearing a yellow and blue Puma cap , a blue tee-shirt and a red jacket ( open ) .
exterior shot .
houses and trees in distance .
a dark-haired boy wearing a dark brown traditional hat and a dark red jacket standing in front of a thatched roof .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a red cap and a blue jumper with a grey zip standing in the backyard .
there is a grey house with a light blue roof in the background .
some garbage is lying around too .
a teenager wearing a traditional green hat , a purple tee-shirt , a red jumper , a long light brown necklace and earrings .
three houses in the background , one with a yellow roof .
a couple of rocks are lying around in the meadow just behind the girl .
a dark-skinned boy wearing a black Nike cap , a chequered shirt and a red jacket ( that is black inside ) is standing in the meadow behind a house .
some rocks and stones in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a traditional green hat and a white cardigan in a meadow behind a grey house .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl wearing a red vest and a long necklace standing in the backyard of two grey houses .
some dowels are lying around in the background .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a dark green pullover ( with a white bear on it ) in a backyard .
some garbage lying around in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a white cardigan and a red poncho .
exterior shot .
short grass and some garbage in the background .
a dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a yellow tee-shirt and a white vest underneath a green vest , and a necklace with white and green glass beads .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a red vest and a brown necklace , in the backyard of a house .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl with a black hat and a white pullover and a pink vest underneath a large purple cloth , in the backyard of a house .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a white pullover underneath a large , red poncho and a brown necklace .
a grey brick wall and short grass in background .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl wearing a dark green hat , a grey pullover with blue sleeves and a light blue and yellow necklace .
a grey brick wall and short grass in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a traditional green hat , a red pullover , a blue vest ( open ) and earrings .
a grey house and short grass in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a white cardigan , a green vest and a golden necklace .
two houses in the background , one with a grey roof , the other one with a light brown roof .
short grass and some large stones in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a traditional brown hat and a large colourful ( mainly red ) poncho .
exterior shot , with some short grass in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a grey cap and a dark and light grey jumper with a black zip , in front of a white wall .
a dark-skinned boy wearing a white cap , a green pullover and a red vest .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned girl wearing a traditional green hat , blue pullover , light green necklace and earrings .
blue sky in background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a grey tee-shirt , a dark green vest and a light green poncho , is standing in the backyard of a house .
a white painted house with a thatched roof and a wooden fence in the background .
there is also a plastic bag in front of the fence .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy with a blue
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a dark green hat , a white tee-shirt beneath a blue tee-shirt and a claret jacket ( open ) .
a hilly landscape with a few trees in near background , distant background almost treeless .
slightly overcast sky .
portrait of a coloured , dark-haired boy with a bit washed-out green hat , white tee-shirt and a claret vest pullover , in front of a branch of a conifer .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy wearing a red pullover and a red cap ( backwards ) .
short grass and some garbage in the background .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy with a big smile wearing a red cap and a dark blue anorak .
short grass in background .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy wearing a black cap ( backwards ) and a red and green tee-shirt underneath a light blue anorak .
short grass in the background .
a dark-haired boy wearing a black pullover and a light blue jeans jacket is standing in front of a painted wall .
the painting shows a sunset behind hills and a tree .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl in a white shirt in front of a painted wall .
the painting shows a sunset behind a hill and a tree .
a dark-skinned boy with a sceptic look , white cap and purple pullover standing in front of a red door with a glasswindow and children's paintings attached .
a dark-haired , dark-skinned boy in a red , white and brown anorak and a blue cap is standing in front of a pile of wood .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat , a grey pullover and a dark turquoise vest is standing in front of a pile of wood .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl with a traditional green hat , black chequered pants and a pink violet poncho is standing in front of a white wall with a light blue fillet .
a dark-skinned boy wearing a black and yellow beanie , a white shirt beneath a light blue anorak and black pants leaning against a grey wall .
a dark-skinned boy wearing an orange cap , a light and dark blue anorak and grey trousers , is standing in front of a grey wall .
a dark-skinned boy wearing a grey cap , a red and white striped shirt under a sleeveless grey vest with a black zip , black pants and runners is standing at a lookout and carrying a black bag in his right hand .
a dark-skinned boy wearing a knitted woolly hat and a light and dark grey striped jumper with a grey zip , leaning on a grey wall .
a dark-skinned boy wearing a black cap and a dark blue and yellow anorak with a black zip in front of a light grey wall .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a traditional brown hat and a green vest .
very rocky landscape with little grass in the background .
there is also one roof of a house and a mountain range in the distance .
a dark-skinned boy wearing a blue cap and a yellow jumper is standing outside a house , having his hands in his pockets .
a boy with a light blue cap , a red pullover , blue jeans and black shoes is standing in front of a pile of red bricks , with his hands in his pockets .
thatched roofs in the background .
a dark-skinned girl wearing a traditional green hat and a purple cloak ( cloth ) standing in front of a very colourful wall .
a dark-skinned girl wearing a black hat and a black jacket with red sleeves and a red zip is standing in front of a very colourful wall .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a black hat and a blue poncho is standing in front of a colourful wall .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired boy wearing a dark blue anorak and grey pants is standing in front of a grey wall .
a dark-skinned boy wearing a black cap with a red shield , a purple jacket with dark green sleeves and red pants is standing in front of a grey wall .
a dark-skinned , dark-haired girl wearing a light and dark blue and white shirt made of silk .
a large black and red saurian next to a small black saurian on some sandy rocks .
interior view of a room with a large wooden bed in the centre .
there is a wooden commode and a mirror on the left , a wooden bedside table with a table lamp next to the bed and a huge fan on the wall above the bed .
a man in white shirt , black jacket , grey pants and black shoes is sitting on a wooden chair and talking on the phone .
on the right a wooden bed with white bedcovers .
on the left ( before the man ) a wooden desk and a vase with flowers .
there is a black brief-case in front of the chair , and there is also a picture hanging on the wall above the bed .
a blue bus is parking in front of the entrance of the Hotel Galeria .
there are stairs at the entrance .
there are flags and a lamp at each side of the entrance .
an inner courtyard with a fountain and flower pots in the centre .
several arches surround the courtyard on two levels in front of the red building with a blue entrance .
more flower pots below the arches .
interior view of a room with two single beds with a yellow and red chequered bedcover and a night table in between the two beds .
on the right a wooden commode and a red chair .
a window at the back , with the curtains closed .
inside photograph of a room with a red carpet .
there is a wooden table and a wooden commode to the left .
a bed to the right .
two red armchairs with a round table on the left at the back .
further curtains and a standard lamp .
arched entrance to a hotel with a revolving glass door and a well exposed flower pot on each side of the entrance .
a large , brown , 18 story building with two palm trees , lamps and flags in front .
blue sky in the background .
exterior view of a light brown house , with stairs rising to the entrance of the second floor on the left , a tower with two small windows in the centre .
there is an arch below the stairs leading to the entrance of the first floor .
attached houses on the right .
blue sky in the background .
interior view of a room with white walls , a wooden double bed , white pillows , a brown , green and red striped blanked and a night table with a bedside lamp on it .
Front view of the first three levels of the Hotel and Casino Boulevard .
Five flags and a cobbled street in front of the entrance .
walls are made of glass to a large extent .
a swimming pool in the foreground .
